aung

dedicated place to store info, reference, sharing of output
outputs tend to be differently 
don't know when the ai is working, hard to retrieve the output

looked at the left/main chat first
tried out all the stuff, hovered over it, 
confidence 4

first replied to the starting prompt, then brainstorming the medium/
using reply a lot, to use the context specifically, indicator could be more visible?
idea of function overload
help + replies broken

kinda forgot to edit context at the start, could be helped with it, because it helps with response 


felt more in control with the ai light version because perception of producing less stuff so more in control

shanyl

workspace context, reference previous documents that were shared, make things easier, resources, when the ai is invoked, indicator for what ai did

edit context noticed yeah it's important 
detect what the user wants based on semantic context 
ask assistant unclear, cluttering, insights only open when you click on it
confidence 4

research is not researching.. it doesn't understand the prompt sufficiently

action items don't really modify the context? or like not clickable? hard to work with? maybe action items should be individual items
therefore using ask assistant the most because it can provide the best content so far 

traceability scrolling, uses the ask assistant a lot more actually, so the conversational ability of the agent must feel a lot easier to collaborate with than the insights part
actionable items



suggestion coming from the wrong place, mostly the replying one

ai on mode needs to be better designed? or tuned, be cause overwhelming.

discussing trip, probably easier to use ai light

ease of creating actionables, generating research

drop stuff into bins or tag, more advanced productivity functions, cleaner to just tag instead of having ask assistant, customizable tags

personalized behaviour, tags, essentially ai that is more personalized to users
summary is very useful because of onboarding, what 


aung
keeping everything in one single place, not having to go to other places to source? essentially a all in one workspace,

having ai to rate it 

ai on

not using side cards a lot surprisingly hard to activate, or utilize
having the ability to move ai replies to the side, to save it, or utilize it, basically better ability to manipulate it in the ways users want



shanyl
ideas of context being incorporated, lack of actionable items very hard, doesn't apply that much importance to replies 
most issues are about prompt engineering

aung
reply and chat interface smooth
mostly about how the concept has a point in theory, like most ai integration apps, has to be extended to find real use and



ai light

two buttons to switch between the modes?
see when context is updated like how group chat name is updated, etc
because it affects the context and decision making process, traceability 

disagreement was mostly resolved in a way?

shanyl
not much of a difference, but more straightforward process. 
research and summary may be useful in a more higher level project, but they don't provide similar levels of precision, currently


aung
might use both in tandem, because they have varying degrees of usefulness, reference the different components